adding basic documentation for updating the pull-secret (#51)
securesign/sigstore-ocp: pull_secret.md

# Updating the pull secret

### Why do it

> When your Openshift cluster being provisioned, it uses a pull secret to identify you against many of the services offered by redhat such as Quay, Openshift, Registry.Redhat.io, etc, which is saved to the cluster after installation. To properly install the `trusted-artifact-signer` stack we have to add an entry for `registry.redhat.io`, to ensure who is using the service, and that they have the proper permissions for their ogranization. For any additional questions on this topic, refer to the [Openshift Documentation on using pull-secrets](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/openshift_images/managing_images/using-image-pull-secrets.html#images-update-global-pull-secret_using-image-pull-secrets).

Reviewer: Some small nits and wordsmithing...

```suggestion
When your OpenShift cluster is being provisioned, it uses a pull secret to authenticate you with many of the services offered by Red Hat such as Quay and OpenShift. The pull secret is saved to the cluster after installation. To properly install Trusted Artifact Signer the pull secret is used with `registry.redhat.io`. This allows Red Hat to know who is using the service, and that they have the proper permissions for their organization. For any additional questions on this topic, refer to the [Openshift Documentation on using pull secrets](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/openshift_images/managing_images/using-image-pull-secrets.html#images-update-global-pull-secret_using-image-pull-secrets).
```

## Steps

> Firstly download the pull-secret data:

Reviewer 2: `First, download the existing pull-secret from the openshift-config namespace`

(to clarify that they will be appending to the existing pull-secret)
